genAI is available in CE (#1737)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/plugins.adoc

| APOC Extended
| `apoc-extended`
|
| https://neo4j.com/labs/apoc/5/[APOC Extended user guide (Labs project)]

| APOC
| `apoc`
|
| https://neo4j.com/docs/apoc/current/[APOC user guide]

| Bloom Enterprise footnote:[You can also get basic access to Bloom via Graph Apps in Neo4j Desktop without a license key. See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/bloom-user-guide/current/bloom-installation/bloom-deployment-modes/[Bloom deployment modes] for more details.]
| `bloom`
| {check-mark}
| link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/bloom-user-guide[Neo4j Bloom]

> | GenAI label:new[Introduced in 5.17] footnote:[From Neo4j 5.23, the GenAI plugin is also available in Neo4j Community Edition.]

Reviewer: Should we explicitly say that in versions 5.17-5.22 GenAI is the EE feature?

> | GenAI label:new[Introduced in 5.17] footnote:[From Neo4j 5.23, the GenAI plugin is also available in Neo4j Community Edition.]

Author: ```suggestion
| GenAI footnote:[Introduced in 5.17 in Enterprise Edition only. From Neo4j 5.23, the GenAI plugin is also available in Neo4j Community Edition.]
```
